(Senior Software Engineer -Full Stack){About the job Utilize your expertise in various programming languages and related frameworks and libraries, with a primary focus on Java, NodeJS, and AngularJS Develop and implement web-based user interfaces using AngularJS, CSS, and HTML. Collaborate effectively with our internal team, clients, and other project teams, maintaining a high level of professionalism and patience throughout all interactions. Read published API documentation and efficiently build out connections to various interfaces. Supervise Jr. and Intermediate level developers and act in a sounding board role to help in order to prevent log jam on projects Write specs for future development projects based on input from clients, potential clients, sales, PMO and Leadership Thoroughly document architectural changes and new features Take the technical lead on meetings where discussing Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems or a relevant discipline. At least 4 years of experience in software engineering (Inter }
(Senior Full-Stack Engineer, NodeJS/ReactJS (Remote) – 4021){About the job HireClout What You Will Be Doing Full stack development creating software through a combination of back-end and front-end technologies and tools Design and build software and solutions through meaningful collaboration with related company teams Support the development of UI and related features Apply best practices for writing clean, secure, readable, scalable code Work with product to refine and optimize task requirements, architecture, and specifications for new features What You Will Need Experience with NodeJS/ReactJS Experience with Express.js/JSX Experience with SASS, Gulp, or Grunt Nice to Have Experience with a component library like MaterialUI, and a documentation tool like Jasmine An understanding of distributed systems, microservices, and scaling Adaptable UX development experience Why Us Benefits And Perks Competitive Salary: $100,000 – $200,000 per Year Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. REF: JOB-4021 Share this job First name Last name Email Attach resume* Job type: Permanent Location: Date posted: Posted 10 months ago Salary:$100000 - $200000 per Year }
(Full Stack/Flutter Developer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details Full Stack/Flutter Developer Needed For SAAS Company (Remote) This Jobot Job is hosted by John Erwin Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $100,000 - $200,000 per year A Bit About Us We are a group of Software Engineers/Product designer that make custom SAAS solutions in fintech, consumer software, enterprise software, medical devices, bluetooth communications, and more. Why join us? Fun working environment 100% Remote opportunity OR Hybrid in-office (Irvine, CA or Bend, OR) Excellent work/life balance and NO crazy hours Profit Sharing 401k Match (3%) Generous PTO, Sick Pay & Holidays Paid Full benefits (Medical, Vision, Dental) Job Details Job Details We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Full Stack/Flutter Developer to join our technology team. This is a fantastic opportunity for a talented individual to contribute to a transformative, cutting-edge technology platform. The ideal candidate will bring a passion for technology, a strong technical skill set, and an ability to deliver high-quality and scalable solutions. This role will require a mix of both front-end and back-end development skills, with a focus on Flutter, Ruby on Rails, and JavaScript. Responsibilities Design and build advanced, scalable applications for various platforms using Flutter, Ruby on Rails, and JavaScript. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features swiftly and with precision. Utilize your knowledge of server-side templating languages and server-side CSS preprocessors. Develop user interfaces that achieve optimal application performance and usability. Design and implement data storage solutions using PostGresql and other databases. Implement automated testing platforms and unit tests to ensure product resilience. Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas to drive innovation and efficiency. Collaborate with the product team to design and launch new features. Maintain code integrity, organization, and automatization. Understand and implement security and data protection measures. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field. Minimum of 3+ years of experience as a Full Stack Developer or similar role. Proven experience with Flutter, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, PostGresql. Strong knowledge of UI design and a good understanding of Dart. Proficient experience with advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS and NestJS. Experience with cloud message APIs and usage of push notifications. Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git. Experience with API development and integration. Strong analytical skills and problem-solving aptitude. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team. A passion for technology and a keen interest in staying up-to-date with the latest industry trends. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities. Strong attention to detail, with a commitment to high quality and accuracy. If you are passionate about technology and excited about the impact of emerging disruptive technologies, this could be the role for you. We look forward to reviewing your application! Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
(Senior Software Engineer, Data Platform (Contract)){About the job Employee Applicant Privacy Notice Who we are: Shape a brighter financial future with us. Together with our members, we’re changing the way people think about and interact with personal finance. We’re a next-generation fintech company using innovative, mobile-first technology to help our millions of members reach their goals. The industry is going through an unprecedented transformation, and we’re at the forefront. We’re proud to come to work every day knowing that what we do has a direct impact on people’s lives, with our core values guiding us every step of the way. Join us to invest in yourself, your career, and the financial world. Due to the temporary nature of the engagement, this position is not eligible for visa sponsorship. 1 year contract to start. The Role: SoFi runs on data! We are seeking a highly motivated Senior Software Engineer to join our Data Platform team. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work alongside our experienced team of data engineers and product managers to develop and maintain our cutting-edge data handling platform using Snowflake, dbt, Sagemaker, and Airflow. In this role you will be contributing to the long-term success of SoFi’s data vision by building out distributed systems and scalable data platforms. As a Senior engineer on the Data Platform team at SoFi, you'll be tasked with building critical components and features. You will implement battle-tested patterns and interfaces, squash bugs, refactor code and continually grow as an engineer. The ideal candidate has a strong software engineering background and problem-solving ability along with cloud computing (AWS) and data engineering skill set with prior experience on technologies such as Snowflake, Airflow, dbt, Kafka, Spark, Dask, Python, and Tableau. Additionally, you will demonstrate SoFi’s core values by honing your skills as an effective communicator, showing personal responsibility, and setting ambitious goals. If you like working on problems with tangible and lasting impact, we would love to have you in our team! What You’ll Do: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements and design scalable data solutions. Write high-quality, efficient, and scalable code to implement new features and functionality on the data platform. Participate in code reviews and provide feedback to other team members to ensure code quality and maintainability. Work with product managers and other stakeholders to understand user requirements and implement solutions that meet their needs. Participate in team meetings and contribute to discussions on technology, design, and implementation. Keep up-to-date with the latest developments in data engineering, and cloud technologies. Develop and optimize data pipelines using dbt and Airflow to ensure efficient data processing and data quality checks. Architect and implement data governance and metadata management solutions to maintain data integrity and compliance. Build a system to identify data quality issues and implement solutions to address them effectively. Utilize your proficiency in Python to develop custom scripts and tools to enhance data operations and automation. Mentor and guide junior team members, providing technical expertise and fostering a culture of continuous learning. What You’ll Need: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. Minimum of 5 years of experience as a Software Engineer, with a focus on data engineering and data platform development. Extensive hands-on experience with Snowflake, AWS services, dbt, and Airflow. Strong understanding of data quality best practices and data governance principles. Proven track record in metadata management and data infrastructure design. Proficiency in Python for data manipulation, scripting, and automation. Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Strong communication skills to effectively work with diverse stakeholders and present technical concepts. Nice to Have: Interest in personal finance Please note the following benefits only apply to full-time employees** Compensation And Benefits The base pay range for this role is listed below. Final base pay offer will be determined based on individual factors such as the candidate’s experience, skills, and location. To view all of our comprehensive and competitive benefits, visit our Benefits at SoFi page! SoFi provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, breastfeeding, and conditions related to breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, age (40 or over), physical or medical disability, medical condition, marital status, registered domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military and/or veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable state or federal law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. New York applicants: Notice of Employee Rights SoFi is committed to embracing diversity. As part of this commitment, SoFi offers reasonable accommodations to candidates with physical or mental disabilities. If you need accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, please let your recruiter know or email accommodations@sofi.com. Due to insurance coverage issues, we are unable to accommodate remote work from Hawaii or Alaska at this time. Internal Employees If you are a current employee, do not apply here - please navigate to our Internal Job Board in Greenhouse to apply to our open roles. }
(Senior Software Engineer, Golang: 2 (Remote) – 4033){About the job HireClout What You Will Be Doing Create, design, and deploy sophisticated strategies and solutions to complete project goals Actively participate in the design & architecture phases of upcoming features and services Participate in code reviews and ensure fellow developers adhere to team’s best practices and processes Consistently write production-ready code that is easily testable, easily understood by other developers, and accounts for edge cases and errors Collaborate with Product and UX teams on solution design What You Will Need Experience with Golang, Go Proficiency MySQL Experience with distributed systems, microservices, and/or cloud computing Nice to Have Skilled with technologies like MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MariaDB Experience with DynamoDB, Cassandra, or MongoDB Experience with Kubernetes, Docker, or ECS Why Us Benefits And Perks Competitive Salary: $100,000 – $200,000 per Year Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. REF: JOB-4033 Share this job First name Last name Email Attach resume* Job type: Permanent Location: Date posted: Posted 10 months ago Salary:$100000 - $200000 per Year }
(Senior Software Engineer, IKEA Growth Squad){About the job Taskrabbit will never use text or chat applications to conduct interviews. We have a thoughtful and interactive interview process that includes an initial recruiter phone screen and several video-based interviews with our hiring teams. Communications will always be conducted by taskrabbit.com domain names. About Taskrabbit: Taskrabbit is a marketplace platform that conveniently connects people with Taskers to handle everyday home to-do’s, such as furniture assembly, handyman work, moving help, and much more. At Taskrabbit, we want to transform lives one task at a time. As a company we celebrate innovation, inclusion and hard work. Our culture is collaborative, pragmatic, and fast-paced. We’re looking for talented, entrepreneurially minded and data-driven people who also have a passion for helping people do what they love. Together with IKEA, we’re creating more opportunities for people to earn a consistent, meaningful income on their own terms by building lasting relationships with clients in communities around the world. Taskrabbit is a remote-first company with employees distributed across the US and EU 5-time Best Places to Work in 2022 by BuiltIn. Including Best Companies in SF, Best Mid-Sized Companies, and Best Benefits DataBird journal’s “Best Places” Best Companies for Diversity, #1 2019 and 2020 DataBird journal’s “Best Places” Best Companies for Women, #4 2019 and #1 2020 About the Job: Taskrabbit is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to help us take our backend experience to the next level. We are looking for a skilled engineer who has vast experience with backend development and best practices. Taskrabbit is integrated with IKEA, our parent company, and we need someone to help evangelize our services to the public and potential customers. This Senior Software Engineer will be responsible for collaborating with peers in Engineering, Architecture, Data, Product and other business leaders to continue building a backend experience to support and sustain hyper growth for Taskrabbit. Join us in transforming lives one task at a time You will be: Designing, building, and maintaining solutions which follow our engineering principles: expose the ability to be measured and observed protect our customer, our business, and our partners and their data always do what the customer expects and upon failure, data is recoverable always available when and where the customer expects and which are healthy and current perform to, and exceed, customer expectations delight the customer Contributing to the growth and success of team members through code review, clear documentation, and mentorship. You should have: 3+ years of experience in software engineering. Experience building developer platforms, defining the strategy, and providing technical direction to the team. Experience building API-driven applications and endpoints. A strong ability to debug software and diagnose root cause Experience with software engineering best practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation). Proficiency with Ruby/Rails, Experience in MySQL, Redis, and/or ElasticSearch. Strong design and architecture skills A strong ability to reason about how to break problems down into smaller iterable steps. You might be a fit if you have: Experience building CI/CD pipelines (e.g. GitHub Actions, CircleCI) Event-driven architecture experience Strong written and verbal communication skills. Enjoy helping organize and scope high-priority projects and plans to keep us moving forward. Great attention to detail and quality. Love for collaborating with a tight-knit team and across the organization. Bonus Points: A background in Kafka or other event buses. NoSQL/Document databases (e.g. MongoDB, DynamoDB) Experience in Next.Js, Javascript, TypeScript, React Experience with Infrastructure as Code (e.g. Terraform, Ansible) Great attention to detail and focus on code quality. Compensation & Benefits: At Taskrabbit, our approach to compensation is designed to be competitive, transparent and equitable. Our total compensation consists of base pay + bonus + benefits + perks. The base pay range for this position is $115,000 - $160,000. This range is representative of base pay only, and does not include any other total cash compensation amounts, such as company bonus or benefits. Final offer amounts may vary from the amounts listed above, and will be determined by factors including, but not limited to, relevant experience, qualifications, geography, and level. You’ll love working here because: Taskrabbit is a Remote-First Company. We value flexibility and choice but also stay committed to regular in-person connection. The People. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams -- people you can be proud to work with! The Values. Care Deeply. We take time to be present and partner with our team and communities. Level Up. We navigate through ambiguity and go the extra mile. Be A Better Neighbor. We build a diverse and sustainable community and encourage all voices. Lead The Future Together. We value entrepreneurship and are inspired by action. The Diverse Culture. We believe that we make better decisions when our workforce reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate. Women make up half of our leadership team and our diversity representation is above that of the tech industry average. The Perks. Taskrabbit offers employer-paid health insurance, 401k match with immediate vesting, generous and flexible time off with 2 company-wide closure weeks, Taskrabbit product stipends, wellness + productivity + education stipends, IKEA discounts, reproductive health support, and more. Taskrabbit’s commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: An Active Commitment to Equity within our Company and Platform. We are an inclusive community where all who share our mission and values belong. Our anti-racist culture actively strengthens the knowledge, understanding, and awareness of underrepresented experiences and our ongoing allyship commitment. Our diverse team represents the communities we serve, breaking down systemic barriers, and transforming lives- one action at a time. Taskrabbit is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status. Taskrabbit is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Taskrabbit will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.}
(Full Stack/Flutter Developer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details Full Stack/Flutter Developer Needed For SAAS Company (Remote) This Jobot Job is hosted by John Erwin Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $100,000 - $200,000 per year A Bit About Us We are a group of Software Engineers/Product designer that make custom SAAS solutions in fintech, consumer software, enterprise software, medical devices, bluetooth communications, and more. Why join us? Fun working environment 100% Remote opportunity OR Hybrid in-office (Irvine, CA or Bend, OR) Excellent work/life balance and NO crazy hours Profit Sharing 401k Match (3%) Generous PTO, Sick Pay & Holidays Paid Full benefits (Medical, Vision, Dental) Job Details Job Details We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Full Stack/Flutter Developer to join our technology team. This is a fantastic opportunity for a talented individual to contribute to a transformative, cutting-edge technology platform. The ideal candidate will bring a passion for technology, a strong technical skill set, and an ability to deliver high-quality and scalable solutions. This role will require a mix of both front-end and back-end development skills, with a focus on Flutter, Ruby on Rails, and JavaScript. Responsibilities Design and build advanced, scalable applications for various platforms using Flutter, Ruby on Rails, and JavaScript. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features swiftly and with precision. Utilize your knowledge of server-side templating languages and server-side CSS preprocessors. Develop user interfaces that achieve optimal application performance and usability. Design and implement data storage solutions using PostGresql and other databases. Implement automated testing platforms and unit tests to ensure product resilience. Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas to drive innovation and efficiency. Collaborate with the product team to design and launch new features. Maintain code integrity, organization, and automatization. Understand and implement security and data protection measures. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field. Minimum of 3+ years of experience as a Full Stack Developer or similar role. Proven experience with Flutter, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, PostGresql. Strong knowledge of UI design and a good understanding of Dart. Proficient experience with advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS and NestJS. Experience with cloud message APIs and usage of push notifications. Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git. Experience with API development and integration. Strong analytical skills and problem-solving aptitude. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team. A passion for technology and a keen interest in staying up-to-date with the latest industry trends. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities. Strong attention to detail, with a commitment to high quality and accuracy. If you are passionate about technology and excited about the impact of emerging disruptive technologies, this could be the role for you. We look forward to reviewing your application! Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
(Senior Software Engineer, Developer Productivity){About the job About Upstart Upstart is a leading AI lending marketplace partnering with banks and credit unions to expand access to affordable credit. By leveraging Upstart's AI marketplace, Upstart-powered banks and credit unions can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates across races, ages, and genders, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. More than two-thirds of Upstart loans are approved instantly and are fully automated. Upstart is a digital-first company, which means that most Upstarters can live and work anywhere in the U.S. We also have offices in San Mateo, California; Columbus, Ohio; and Austin, Texas. Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we’d love to hear from you! The Team We are looking for an experienced Senior Software Engineer who can architect, implement, and scale our tools and platforms that Upstart engineers use to build and deploy our services. This is a high-impact role that directly affects the productivity and quality of the entire engineering organization. Specifically, you’ll be joining our Quality Engineering and Tools team within the Quality Org to work on tools and processes to improve developer productivity with a high quality bar as we scale. We believe that Quality starts the moment engineers write code and are looking for people passionate about providing the tools and processes to help engineers write clean code. If you geek out about metrics, high quality code, developer productivity, scalable tooling and want to have a deep impact on all of engineering, this position may be right for you! Position Location - This role is available in the following locations: Remote, San Mateo, Columbus, Austin Time Zone Requirements - This team operates on the East/West Coast time zones. Travel Requirements - This team has regular on-site collaboration sessions. These occur a few days per quarter at various locations in the US. If you need to travel to make these meetups, Upstart will cover all travel related expenses. How you’ll make an impact: Scope and lead technical projects with enormous impact for all Engineers within Upstart Design, build, and maintain internal tools, metrics platform, test frameworks, and processes used by all of Upstart’s engineering teams Make critical decisions about the technology and architecture choices we make in building these products. Help maintain a high caliber bar for the entire engineering organization by providing tools and development processes to improve quality and developer productivity Drive ongoing efficiency and reliability improvements through design and automation What we’re looking for: Minimum requirements: 5+ years designing and developing internal tools used by engineering teams Strong Proficiency in one or more programming languages Automated complex manual processes Ability to explain complex business and technical concepts to all audiences Experience leading large initiatives involving several teams at companies that have gone through periods of rapid business or organizational growth Preferred qualifications: Proven experience developing tools and processes that have led to a direct improvement in Product/ Code Quality or Developer productivity Experience working with engineering teams to identify and implement metrics to measure Product/Code Quality and Developer Productivity Familiarity with CI/CD systems and deployment process automation Experience with Kotlin, Python, or Ruby Experience with Jenkins and GitHub Actions Experience with AWS What you'll love: Competitive Compensation (base + bonus & equity) Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage with Health Savings Account contributions from Upstart 401(k) with 100% company match up to $4,500 and immediate vesting and after-tax savings Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Life and disability insurance Generous holiday, vacation, sick and safety leave Supportive parental, family care, and military leave programs Annual wellness, technology & ergonomic reimbursement programs Social activities including team events and onsites, all-company updates, employee resource groups (ERGs), and other interest groups such as book clubs, fitness, investing, and volunteering Catered lunches + snacks & drinks when working in offices At Upstart, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. The anticipated base salary for this position is expected to be within the below range. Your actual base pay will depend on your geographic location–with our “digital first” philosophy, Upstart uses compensation regions that vary depending on location. Individual pay is also determined by job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. In addition, Upstart provides employees with target bonuses, equity compensation, and generous benefits packages (including medical, dental, vision, and 401k). United States | Remote - Anticipated Base Salary Range $155,800—$215,500 USD Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing an application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please email candidate_accommodations@upstart.com https://www.upstart.com/candidate_privacy_policy }
(Senior Software Engineer, Data Platform (Contract)){About the job Employee Applicant Privacy Notice Who we are: Shape a brighter financial future with us. Together with our members, we’re changing the way people think about and interact with personal finance. We’re a next-generation fintech company using innovative, mobile-first technology to help our millions of members reach their goals. The industry is going through an unprecedented transformation, and we’re at the forefront. We’re proud to come to work every day knowing that what we do has a direct impact on people’s lives, with our core values guiding us every step of the way. Join us to invest in yourself, your career, and the financial world. Due to the temporary nature of the engagement, this position is not eligible for visa sponsorship. 1 year contract to start. The Role: SoFi runs on data! We are seeking a highly motivated Senior Software Engineer to join our Data Platform team. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work alongside our experienced team of data engineers and product managers to develop and maintain our cutting-edge data handling platform using Snowflake, dbt, Sagemaker, and Airflow. In this role you will be contributing to the long-term success of SoFi’s data vision by building out distributed systems and scalable data platforms. As a Senior engineer on the Data Platform team at SoFi, you'll be tasked with building critical components and features. You will implement battle-tested patterns and interfaces, squash bugs, refactor code and continually grow as an engineer. The ideal candidate has a strong software engineering background and problem-solving ability along with cloud computing (AWS) and data engineering skill set with prior experience on technologies such as Snowflake, Airflow, dbt, Kafka, Spark, Dask, Python, and Tableau. Additionally, you will demonstrate SoFi’s core values by honing your skills as an effective communicator, showing personal responsibility, and setting ambitious goals. If you like working on problems with tangible and lasting impact, we would love to have you in our team! What You’ll Do: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements and design scalable data solutions. Write high-quality, efficient, and scalable code to implement new features and functionality on the data platform. Participate in code reviews and provide feedback to other team members to ensure code quality and maintainability. Work with product managers and other stakeholders to understand user requirements and implement solutions that meet their needs. Participate in team meetings and contribute to discussions on technology, design, and implementation. Keep up-to-date with the latest developments in data engineering, and cloud technologies. Develop and optimize data pipelines using dbt and Airflow to ensure efficient data processing and data quality checks. Architect and implement data governance and metadata management solutions to maintain data integrity and compliance. Build a system to identify data quality issues and implement solutions to address them effectively. Utilize your proficiency in Python to develop custom scripts and tools to enhance data operations and automation. Mentor and guide junior team members, providing technical expertise and fostering a culture of continuous learning. What You’ll Need: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. Minimum of 5 years of experience as a Software Engineer, with a focus on data engineering and data platform development. Extensive hands-on experience with Snowflake, AWS services, dbt, and Airflow. Strong understanding of data quality best practices and data governance principles. Proven track record in metadata management and data infrastructure design. Proficiency in Python for data manipulation, scripting, and automation. Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Strong communication skills to effectively work with diverse stakeholders and present technical concepts. Nice to Have: Interest in personal finance Please note the following benefits only apply to full-time employees** Compensation And Benefits The base pay range for this role is listed below. Final base pay offer will be determined based on individual factors such as the candidate’s experience, skills, and location. To view all of our comprehensive and competitive benefits, visit our Benefits at SoFi page! SoFi provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, breastfeeding, and conditions related to breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, age (40 or over), physical or medical disability, medical condition, marital status, registered domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military and/or veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable state or federal law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. New York applicants: Notice of Employee Rights SoFi is committed to embracing diversity. As part of this commitment, SoFi offers reasonable accommodations to candidates with physical or mental disabilities. If you need accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, please let your recruiter know or email accommodations@sofi.com. Due to insurance coverage issues, we are unable to accommodate remote work from Hawaii or Alaska at this time. Internal Employees If you are a current employee, do not apply here - please navigate to our Internal Job Board in Greenhouse to apply to our open roles. }
(Remote Sr. DevOps Engineer - AWS, Python){About the job Title: Senior DevOps Engineer Location: 100% Remote Compensation: $150,000-$180,000 DOE Requirements 5+ years of experience Strong Python coding skills Strong with AWS Experience with Terraform We are a growing AI driven software company focused on the energy industry. As we continue to grow, we are looking to hire a talented and experienced Senior Devops Engineer to join our dynamic team immediately. We are in search of a seasoned, code-heavy DevOps Engineer that has a passion for sound design and engineering practices and is adept at making reasoned short-term vs long-term trade-offs. We are a small, experienced team that values open and professional communication and high quality work. To be successful in this role you should Enjoy simple and well crafted solutions. You likely feel that people often make things more complicated than they need to be. Enjoy uniformity and abhor having 3 different implementations to do the same thing. Enjoy automating tasks once they are well understood, but not before. Enjoy collaboration, but can drive the team to make decisions and are not easily blocked. Are a student of coding best practices and strive to improve your software development skills. This is a 100% remote full time, permanent position. Candidates with completed questionnaires will be reviewed first!** Top Reasons to Work with Us This Is The Role For You If You Enjoy working on small, highly collaborative teams Have a positive attitude Enjoy working across teams to deliver combined solutions that work well for our customers Are able to influence through well-reasoned ideas and clear communication Enjoy team and company successes as much as your own Enjoy having high autonomy with true project ownership Are happy to task switch when necessary to help teams succeed Enjoy knowing what's happening across the entire company What You Will Be Doing In this role you will take ownership of critical infrastructure and processes and will have the ability to make a true business impact. While you will have true ownership, we view this as a team sport. It is critical that you enjoy working hand-in-hand with the entire technical team to improve our systems and enhance everyones productivity. What You Need for this Position Must Haves Bachelor's degree (in Computer Science or related highly preferred but not required) 5+ years of experience Strong AWS skills across core services (networking, compute, storage) Strong python coding skills with deep knowledge of package management options and challenges Strong IaC knowledge - Terraform Hands-on experience building and managing CI/CD workflows Experience with SQL databases Nice To Haves Experience with different programming languages (especially Java and Javascript) Experience building internal tools used to help the business run more efficiently Experience building & managing ETL pipelines Experience with Pulumi Experience with CircleCI and/or Github What's In It for You Competitive Salary Stock Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 401k Unlimited PTO Clear understanding of work/life balance We are known for our culture! Benefits Vacation/PTO Medical Dental Vision 401k So, if you are a Senior DevOps Engineer with experience, please apply today! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Rachel Reid Email Your Resume In Word To Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also: Rachel.Reid@cybercoders.com Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : RR9-1766670L918 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.*** Rachel Reid - Lead Recruiter - CyberCoders Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. }
(Remote Sr. DevOps Engineer - AWS, Python){About the job Title: Senior DevOps Engineer Location: 100% Remote Compensation: $150,000-$180,000 DOE Requirements 5+ years of experience Strong Python coding skills Strong with AWS Experience with Terraform We are a growing AI driven software company focused on the energy industry. As we continue to grow, we are looking to hire a talented and experienced Senior Devops Engineer to join our dynamic team immediately. We are in search of a seasoned, code-heavy DevOps Engineer that has a passion for sound design and engineering practices and is adept at making reasoned short-term vs long-term trade-offs. We are a small, experienced team that values open and professional communication and high quality work. To be successful in this role you should Enjoy simple and well crafted solutions. You likely feel that people often make things more complicated than they need to be. Enjoy uniformity and abhor having 3 different implementations to do the same thing. Enjoy automating tasks once they are well understood, but not before. Enjoy collaboration, but can drive the team to make decisions and are not easily blocked. Are a student of coding best practices and strive to improve your software development skills. This is a 100% remote full time, permanent position. Candidates with completed questionnaires will be reviewed first!** Top Reasons to Work with Us This Is The Role For You If You Enjoy working on small, highly collaborative teams Have a positive attitude Enjoy working across teams to deliver combined solutions that work well for our customers Are able to influence through well-reasoned ideas and clear communication Enjoy team and company successes as much as your own Enjoy having high autonomy with true project ownership Are happy to task switch when necessary to help teams succeed Enjoy knowing what's happening across the entire company What You Will Be Doing In this role you will take ownership of critical infrastructure and processes and will have the ability to make a true business impact. While you will have true ownership, we view this as a team sport. It is critical that you enjoy working hand-in-hand with the entire technical team to improve our systems and enhance everyones productivity. What You Need for this Position Must Haves Bachelor's degree (in Computer Science or related highly preferred but not required) 5+ years of experience Strong AWS skills across core services (networking, compute, storage) Strong python coding skills with deep knowledge of package management options and challenges Strong IaC knowledge - Terraform Hands-on experience building and managing CI/CD workflows Experience with SQL databases Nice To Haves Experience with different programming languages (especially Java and Javascript) Experience building internal tools used to help the business run more efficiently Experience building & managing ETL pipelines Experience with Pulumi Experience with CircleCI and/or Github What's In It for You Competitive Salary Stock Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 401k Unlimited PTO Clear understanding of work/life balance We are known for our culture! Benefits Vacation/PTO Medical Dental Vision 401k So, if you are a Senior DevOps Engineer with experience, please apply today! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Rachel Reid Email Your Resume In Word To Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also: Rachel.Reid@cybercoders.com Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : RR9-1766670 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.*** Rachel Reid - Lead Recruiter - CyberCoders Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. }
(Senior Python Software Engineer (Data Pipelines) (Remote) – 4043){About the job HireClout What You Will Be Doing Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance Develop frameworks for automating and maintaining a constant flow of data from multiple sources Collaborate cross-functionally with data scientists, business users, project managers, and other engineers to achieve elegant solutions Consistently write production-ready code that is easily testable, easily understood by other developers, and accounts for edge cases and errors What You Will Need Experience with Python A strong understanding of Python frameworks (Django, Flask, Pyramid, etc.) Proficiency with AWS, GCP Nice to Have Experienced with Cloud computing, high performance systems, and low latency operation A strong understanding of DynamoDB, Cassandra, or MongoDB Experience with MySQL, PostgreSQL, or MariaDB Why Us Benefits And Perks Competitive Salary: $100,000 – $200,000 per Year Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. REF: JOB-4043 Share this job First name Last name Email Attach resume* Job type: Permanent Location: Date posted: Posted 10 months ago Salary:$100000 - $200000 per Year }
(Data Engineer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details One of our clients in the Greater Houston area is looking to hire a new Senior Data Engineer! - 100% remote This Jobot Job is hosted by Nick Frei Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $120,000 - $150,000 per year A Bit About Us We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Permanent Data Engineer to join our dynamic team in the Medical industry. The candidate will be responsible for designing and implementing data warehouse solutions, developing ETL processes, and creating data models to support business intelligence initiatives. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in Azure, Data Factory, Cosmos DB, Azure SQL, Python, BI, ETL, Tableau, and SQL. Why join us? 401k match remote work great team remote culture promotion from within given the tools to succeed Job Details Responsibilities Design, develop, and maintain data warehouse solutions using Azure technologies Develop and implement ETL processes to integrate data from various sources into the data warehouse Create and maintain data models to support business intelligence initiatives Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand their data needs and provide solutions Develop and maintain data pipelines using Python Create and maintain reports and dashboards using Tableau Ensure data quality and accuracy by implementing data validation and cleansing processes Troubleshoot and resolve data issues in a timely manner Stay up-to-date with the latest technologies and trends in data engineering Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field 3+ years of experience in data engineering or related field Strong experience with Azure, Data Factory, Cosmos DB, Azure SQL, Python, BI, ETL, Tableau, and SQL Experience with data modeling and database design Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent communication and collaboration skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience with healthcare data is a plus Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
(Data Engineer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details One of our clients in the Greater Houston area is looking to hire a new Senior Data Engineer! - 100% remote This Jobot Job is hosted by Nick Frei Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $120,000 - $150,000 per year A Bit About Us We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Permanent Data Engineer to join our dynamic team in the Medical industry. The candidate will be responsible for designing and implementing data warehouse solutions, developing ETL processes, and creating data models to support business intelligence initiatives. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in Azure, Data Factory, Cosmos DB, Azure SQL, Python, BI, ETL, Tableau, and SQL. Why join us? 401k match remote work great team remote culture promotion from within given the tools to succeed Job Details Responsibilities Design, develop, and maintain data warehouse solutions using Azure technologies Develop and implement ETL processes to integrate data from various sources into the data warehouse Create and maintain data models to support business intelligence initiatives Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand their data needs and provide solutions Develop and maintain data pipelines using Python Create and maintain reports and dashboards using Tableau Ensure data quality and accuracy by implementing data validation and cleansing processes Troubleshoot and resolve data issues in a timely manner Stay up-to-date with the latest technologies and trends in data engineering Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field 3+ years of experience in data engineering or related field Strong experience with Azure, Data Factory, Cosmos DB, Azure SQL, Python, BI, ETL, Tableau, and SQL Experience with data modeling and database design Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent communication and collaboration skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience with healthcare data is a plus Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
(Remote Sr. DevOps Engineer - AWS, Python){About the job Title: Senior DevOps Engineer Location: 100% Remote Compensation: $150,000-$180,000 DOE Requirements 5+ years of experience Strong Python coding skills Strong with AWS Experience with Terraform We are a growing AI driven software company focused on the energy industry. As we continue to grow, we are looking to hire a talented and experienced Senior Devops Engineer to join our dynamic team immediately. We are in search of a seasoned, code-heavy DevOps Engineer that has a passion for sound design and engineering practices and is adept at making reasoned short-term vs long-term trade-offs. We are a small, experienced team that values open and professional communication and high quality work. To be successful in this role you should Enjoy simple and well crafted solutions. You likely feel that people often make things more complicated than they need to be. Enjoy uniformity and abhor having 3 different implementations to do the same thing. Enjoy automating tasks once they are well understood, but not before. Enjoy collaboration, but can drive the team to make decisions and are not easily blocked. Are a student of coding best practices and strive to improve your software development skills. This is a 100% remote full time, permanent position. Candidates with completed questionnaires will be reviewed first!** Top Reasons to Work with Us This Is The Role For You If You Enjoy working on small, highly collaborative teams Have a positive attitude Enjoy working across teams to deliver combined solutions that work well for our customers Are able to influence through well-reasoned ideas and clear communication Enjoy team and company successes as much as your own Enjoy having high autonomy with true project ownership Are happy to task switch when necessary to help teams succeed Enjoy knowing what's happening across the entire company What You Will Be Doing In this role you will take ownership of critical infrastructure and processes and will have the ability to make a true business impact. While you will have true ownership, we view this as a team sport. It is critical that you enjoy working hand-in-hand with the entire technical team to improve our systems and enhance everyones productivity. What You Need for this Position Must Haves Bachelor's degree (in Computer Science or related highly preferred but not required) 5+ years of experience Strong AWS skills across core services (networking, compute, storage) Strong python coding skills with deep knowledge of package management options and challenges Strong IaC knowledge - Terraform Hands-on experience building and managing CI/CD workflows Experience with SQL databases Nice To Haves Experience with different programming languages (especially Java and Javascript) Experience building internal tools used to help the business run more efficiently Experience building & managing ETL pipelines Experience with Pulumi Experience with CircleCI and/or Github What's In It for You Competitive Salary Stock Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 401k Unlimited PTO Clear understanding of work/life balance We are known for our culture! Benefits Vacation/PTO Medical Dental Vision 401k So, if you are a Senior DevOps Engineer with experience, please apply today! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Rachel Reid Email Your Resume In Word To Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also: Rachel.Reid@cybercoders.com Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : RR9-1766670L921 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.*** Rachel Reid - Lead Recruiter - CyberCoders Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. }
(Remote Sr. DevOps Engineer - AWS, Python){About the job Title: Senior DevOps Engineer Location: 100% Remote Compensation: $150,000-$180,000 DOE Requirements 5+ years of experience Strong Python coding skills Strong with AWS Experience with Terraform We are a growing AI driven software company focused on the energy industry. As we continue to grow, we are looking to hire a talented and experienced Senior Devops Engineer to join our dynamic team immediately. We are in search of a seasoned, code-heavy DevOps Engineer that has a passion for sound design and engineering practices and is adept at making reasoned short-term vs long-term trade-offs. We are a small, experienced team that values open and professional communication and high quality work. To be successful in this role you should Enjoy simple and well crafted solutions. You likely feel that people often make things more complicated than they need to be. Enjoy uniformity and abhor having 3 different implementations to do the same thing. Enjoy automating tasks once they are well understood, but not before. Enjoy collaboration, but can drive the team to make decisions and are not easily blocked. Are a student of coding best practices and strive to improve your software development skills. This is a 100% remote full time, permanent position. Candidates with completed questionnaires will be reviewed first!** Top Reasons to Work with Us This Is The Role For You If You Enjoy working on small, highly collaborative teams Have a positive attitude Enjoy working across teams to deliver combined solutions that work well for our customers Are able to influence through well-reasoned ideas and clear communication Enjoy team and company successes as much as your own Enjoy having high autonomy with true project ownership Are happy to task switch when necessary to help teams succeed Enjoy knowing what's happening across the entire company What You Will Be Doing In this role you will take ownership of critical infrastructure and processes and will have the ability to make a true business impact. While you will have true ownership, we view this as a team sport. It is critical that you enjoy working hand-in-hand with the entire technical team to improve our systems and enhance everyones productivity. What You Need for this Position Must Haves Bachelor's degree (in Computer Science or related highly preferred but not required) 5+ years of experience Strong AWS skills across core services (networking, compute, storage) Strong python coding skills with deep knowledge of package management options and challenges Strong IaC knowledge - Terraform Hands-on experience building and managing CI/CD workflows Experience with SQL databases Nice To Haves Experience with different programming languages (especially Java and Javascript) Experience building internal tools used to help the business run more efficiently Experience building & managing ETL pipelines Experience with Pulumi Experience with CircleCI and/or Github What's In It for You Competitive Salary Stock Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 401k Unlimited PTO Clear understanding of work/life balance We are known for our culture! Benefits Vacation/PTO Medical Dental Vision 401k So, if you are a Senior DevOps Engineer with experience, please apply today! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Rachel Reid Email Your Resume In Word To Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also: Rachel.Reid@cybercoders.com Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : RR9-1766670L920 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.*** Rachel Reid - Lead Recruiter - CyberCoders Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. }
(Remote Sr. DevOps Engineer - AWS, Python){About the job Title: Senior DevOps Engineer Location: 100% Remote Compensation: $150,000-$180,000 DOE Requirements 5+ years of experience Strong Python coding skills Strong with AWS Experience with Terraform We are a growing AI driven software company focused on the energy industry. As we continue to grow, we are looking to hire a talented and experienced Senior Devops Engineer to join our dynamic team immediately. We are in search of a seasoned, code-heavy DevOps Engineer that has a passion for sound design and engineering practices and is adept at making reasoned short-term vs long-term trade-offs. We are a small, experienced team that values open and professional communication and high quality work. To be successful in this role you should Enjoy simple and well crafted solutions. You likely feel that people often make things more complicated than they need to be. Enjoy uniformity and abhor having 3 different implementations to do the same thing. Enjoy automating tasks once they are well understood, but not before. Enjoy collaboration, but can drive the team to make decisions and are not easily blocked. Are a student of coding best practices and strive to improve your software development skills. This is a 100% remote full time, permanent position. Candidates with completed questionnaires will be reviewed first!** Top Reasons to Work with Us This Is The Role For You If You Enjoy working on small, highly collaborative teams Have a positive attitude Enjoy working across teams to deliver combined solutions that work well for our customers Are able to influence through well-reasoned ideas and clear communication Enjoy team and company successes as much as your own Enjoy having high autonomy with true project ownership Are happy to task switch when necessary to help teams succeed Enjoy knowing what's happening across the entire company What You Will Be Doing In this role you will take ownership of critical infrastructure and processes and will have the ability to make a true business impact. While you will have true ownership, we view this as a team sport. It is critical that you enjoy working hand-in-hand with the entire technical team to improve our systems and enhance everyones productivity. What You Need for this Position Must Haves Bachelor's degree (in Computer Science or related highly preferred but not required) 5+ years of experience Strong AWS skills across core services (networking, compute, storage) Strong python coding skills with deep knowledge of package management options and challenges Strong IaC knowledge - Terraform Hands-on experience building and managing CI/CD workflows Experience with SQL databases Nice To Haves Experience with different programming languages (especially Java and Javascript) Experience building internal tools used to help the business run more efficiently Experience building & managing ETL pipelines Experience with Pulumi Experience with CircleCI and/or Github What's In It for You Competitive Salary Stock Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 401k Unlimited PTO Clear understanding of work/life balance We are known for our culture! Benefits Vacation/PTO Medical Dental Vision 401k So, if you are a Senior DevOps Engineer with experience, please apply today! Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Rachel Reid Email Your Resume In Word To Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also: Rachel.Reid@cybercoders.com Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : RR9-1766670L919 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.*** Rachel Reid - Lead Recruiter - CyberCoders Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. CyberCoders is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. }
(Senior Backend Engineer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details Build out modern platforms supporting the short term rental SaaS space 100% Remote This Jobot Job is hosted by Charles Simmons Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $130,000 - $175,000 per year A Bit About Us This mid-stage SaaS startup in the short term rental space is working on modernizing a production environment supporting a revenue generating platform with web and mobile applications that is experiencing rapid growth and scaling issues. The engineering team has 11 members and is hoping to fill 3 more spots by the end of the year. This team values engineers that focus on code quality and ownership, following methodical best practices to deliver scalable, highly performant systems that will last long term. Anyone that values a remote first culture and enjoys working on modern software engineering for consumer facing SaaS products should apply! Why join us? 100% Telecommute Salary $130-165k base Significant equity vesting over 4 years Comprehensive health, vision, and dental coverage 401k with employer match Job Details The Senior Backend Engineer will be responsible for building out the modernized replacement for an existing legacy monolith supporting the functions of the web and mobile products to the business. Candidates should have experience with legacy architecture as well as building out modern, microservices architecture in a serverless cloud environment. Skills/ Tech Stack Golang, gRPC, GraphQL Ruby on Rails, REST PostgreSQL TypeScript, React Native, Node, Next.js, Cypress AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, GitHub Actions Test Driven Development (TDD) Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
(Senior DevOps Engineer){About the job Senior DevOps Engineer - Linux Storable is looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer that can build culture and automation to empower our software delivery teams to deploy continuously. You will help manage our AWS environment, as well as engineer and maintain a fully automated CI/CD pipeline that builds and deploys a wide range of web based applications. In addition, you will develop internal standards and work with software delivery teams to provide them the autonomy necessary to deliver, test and monitor our applications using DevOps best practices. Our team is composed of individuals across the globe, and supports products ranging from Websites to container based microservice. As a DevOps Engineer At Storable, You Will Provide training and lead engineering teams towards DevOps best practices. Maintain pipelines and automation for delivering code to microservice based environments with GitLab and ArgoCD. Build tooling to support infrastructure as code with Terraform. Utilize Envoy and DataDog APM to proactively monitor and correct application issues Build infrastructure repeatability and deployment pipelines for business analytics platforms. Lead efforts to improve our site reliability and ensure engineering teams have the tools to help Facilitate and help design our container orchestration migrations (Monoliths to Kubernetes). Accelerate DevOps tools and practice adoption for legacy applications Standardize current logging solution to DataDog Maintain AWS resources and design cloud native AWS architecture. Develop IDP to scale our engineering organization. Requirements 7+ years of professional experience in Linux system administration and experience administering Linux in a cloud based environment 2+ years of professional experience with one or more scripting languages: Bash, Python, Ruby 4+ years of professional experience with Docker and container orchestration Production experience with Terraform at scale Production Experience with ArgoCD and related tools AWS administration experience Working knowledge of relational databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL Flexibility to operate in an environment with changing demands and priorities Comfortable with version control software and using Git workflows Experience with configuration management tools (Ansible) Experience in uptime reporting and monitoring Preferred AWS Certification (Developer or Solutions Architect) Linux Certification (ex: LPIC, CompTIA) Docker container orchestration experience (ex: Kubernetes, Swarm, Rancher) Experience with monitoring/reporting tools (ex: PagerDuty, Pingdom, Nagios, Datadog) Familiarity with platform logging solutions (ex: loggly, logstash, Elastic stack, DataDog) Understand network security and implications Experience in SRE best practices Experience in a containerized CI/CD environment (ex: Gitlab, CircleCI) Familiarity in Windows environments for cross product support Pay Transparency at Storable At Storable, we believe in the power of transparency to help our employees Do More and Be More. We value our employees and want to ensure equity and fairness in compensation, which is why we make sure to include the salary range or hourly rate in each job posting. We’re happy to discuss compensation further during the interview process because we believe that open communication leads to better outcomes for everyone. We’re committed to creating an inclusive environment where all employees are valued for their unique skills and contributions. By applying to work with us, you agree to this pay transparency policy and to the idea that transparency leads to growth, both for individuals and for our company, Storable, as a whole. The range listed below is only representative of base salary. Every role at Storable has a variable incentive. Please talk to your recruiter about the variable pay plan and earning potential for this role. Position pay range $126,000—$174,000 USD All applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Location: REMOTE Storable is a fully distributed company, but is currently only registered for employment in certain states. To be eligible for employment, you must reside in the following states: AL, AZ, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, ID, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MI, MO, MS, NC, NE, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI, WY About Us At Storable, we believe storage operators should have one partner they can trust to help you get the results they need for their business. That’s why we’ve built the industry’s first fully integrated platform that offers facility management software, facility websites, marketing programs and services, payments, and deeply integrated tenant insurance capabilities all in one solution. We leverage our platform in combination with our over 25 years of storage industry expertise to help our thousands of storage customers achieve their tenant experience and operational efficiency objectives every single day. Benefits And Perks Generous health coverage for you and your family, including short- and long-term disability coverage, 401(k) and HSA matching, two-times base salary company-provided life insurance, emergency loans, legal coverage and more. Engage remotely! Since 2020, we’ve transitioned to a fully remote environment but that doesn’t mean we’re not connected. We continue to run regular contests, trivia games, and virtual happy hours! Instant-access and flexible vacation. We trust you, so we have a ‘take what you need’ vacation policy. No waiting to use it or need for accruals. Do More, Be More – company rewards and recognition that add up and can be redeemed for personalized gifts and experiences! Storriors have been able to enroll in scuba certification classes, travel overseas, and redo their back patio among many other things. Company anniversaries, birthdays, weddings, adding children to a family, first-time home buyers and more are celebrated. We encourage you to get active in the community by joining one of our offsite volunteer and community service events and by using volunteer PTO time. Self-care matters, so we offer the opportunity to take a load-off and enjoy a mental health day outside of your normal PTO time. Fully-paid parental leave: 12 and 6 weeks for primary and secondary caregivers respectively. ’Paw’ternity Leave and Pet Bereavement - we understand that pets are a part of the family and have generous time-off policies, which honor that commitment. Caregiver Leave: four weeks of fully paid time away from work to take care of aging dependents or family members, if needed. Monthly home data stipend added directly to your paychecks to help cover the cost of home internet, plus a home office sign-on bonus of $250. Don't check all the boxes? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply for a job unless they meet every single qualification, especially in the tech industry. At Storable, we are devoted to strengthening and upholding a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. If you’re excited about this role but your professional background doesn’t perfectly align with the qualifications above, we encourage you to apply. Even if this role isn’t the right match, we would love to have your resume on file for future opportunities! Storable is committed to providing equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Storable will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.}
(Principal Software Engineer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details 100% REMOTE // Front-End Development with React 17 // Rapidly growing Cloud SaaS firm with a globally recognized parent co. utilizing AI and ML! This Jobot Job is hosted by Kelli Filbin Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $160,000 - $200,000 per year A Bit About Us Rapidly growing, highly innovative SaaS tech firm with a globally recognized $30B parent company needing to hire an experienced 100% Remote Principal Software Engineer with front-end experience utilizing React 17. This is a key leadership hire for our expanding team. Please apply now as this is an urgent hire! Why join us? Rapidly growing Cloud Software company financially backed by a longstanding, highly reputable, and well-known $30B parent company Excellent, highly collaborative, fast-paced, challenging environment Like to promote from within Highly innovative High visibility Strong management and executive team focused on mentorship and development At-home equipment provided and a remote stipend offered for those fully remote Open to full time remote; very laidback, flexible environment Job Details In this role, you will be architecting, designing and building highly scalable distributed data systems to enable new and innovative solutions in cloud based video surveillance and IoT control systems. Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to Work with product managers and technology teams to understand roadmap priorities and shape product features to address the needs of customers. Articulate design and architecture trade offs and apply software design patterns to efficiently solve complex engineering problems. Drive design and implementation based on sound engineering design principles and best practices with focus on testability, maintainability and scalability. Provide overall project design and estimates that meet both business and technology strategy needs during project scoping phases. Manage velocity of delivery without compromising quality of product releases. Mentor senior engineers and technical leads to make sound technical decisions, and help build effective software engineering practices, especially in the adoption of formal testing as part of the software development process. Help identify areas of improvements in the code base, and drive it to make it better Embrace the “you build it, you run it” engineering principles. Champion good software engineering habits such as clean code principles, security, tech debt balance, TDD and agile habits. Own, diagnose and resolve complex system technical issues and code defects. Collaborate with engineering leadership to establish the technical roadmap to facilitate innovation and enhancement of product capabilities. Provides leadership with a point of view on "what’s next" as it relates to technology coding tools, applications and concepts. Collaborate with other principal engineers to establish an engineering community of excellence (COE) to evangelize architecture, code or security reviews, innovative engineering and knowledge sharing. Drive a culture of technical excellence, continuous improvement and lifelong learning. Identify and work with SRE to implement opportunities for automation to enhance efficiency in the software delivery cycle and the reliability of company products. Qualifications 7-15+ years of experience in software engineering Experience in a fast-paced, agile environment Experience in cloud microservices environment 3+ years of React experience and one other programming language such as Golang, Python, and Scala React 17 experience required Knowledge of React 18 a plus Experience with RESTful APIs and alternatives like GraphQL Advanced experience with testing methodology and fully comfortable with TDD/BDD development practices Knowledge of composable and scalable architectures Knowledge of responsive design principles and mobile-first development A solid understanding of core web and browser concepts Knowledge of public cloud infrastructure such as GCP, AWS or Azure Strong understanding of modern CICD methodology and Git based workflow Bonus Qualifications MS degree (Computer Science) or equivalent Next.JS Knowledge of CSS frameworks like Tailwind CSS Functional Programming/Reactive programming Hands on experience developing applications deployed on public cloud infrastructure such as GCP, AWS or Azure Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
(Senior Backend Engineer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details Build out modern platforms supporting the short term rental SaaS space 100% Remote This Jobot Job is hosted by Charles Simmons Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $130,000 - $175,000 per year A Bit About Us This mid-stage SaaS startup in the short term rental space is working on modernizing a production environment supporting a revenue generating platform with web and mobile applications that is experiencing rapid growth and scaling issues. The engineering team has 11 members and is hoping to fill 3 more spots by the end of the year. This team values engineers that focus on code quality and ownership, following methodical best practices to deliver scalable, highly performant systems that will last long term. Anyone that values a remote first culture and enjoys working on modern software engineering for consumer facing SaaS products should apply! Why join us? 100% Telecommute Salary $130-165k base Significant equity vesting over 4 years Comprehensive health, vision, and dental coverage 401k with employer match Job Details The Senior Backend Engineer will be responsible for building out the modernized replacement for an existing legacy monolith supporting the functions of the web and mobile products to the business. Candidates should have experience with legacy architecture as well as building out modern, microservices architecture in a serverless cloud environment. Skills/ Tech Stack Golang, gRPC, GraphQL Ruby on Rails, REST PostgreSQL TypeScript, React Native, Node, Next.js, Cypress AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, GitHub Actions Test Driven Development (TDD) Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
(Principal Software Engineer){About the job Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details 100% REMOTE // Front-End Development with React 17 // Rapidly growing Cloud SaaS firm with a globally recognized parent co. utilizing AI and ML! This Jobot Job is hosted by Kelli Filbin Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $160,000 - $200,000 per year A Bit About Us Rapidly growing, highly innovative SaaS tech firm with a globally recognized $30B parent company needing to hire an experienced 100% Remote Principal Software Engineer with front-end experience utilizing React 17. This is a key leadership hire for our expanding team. Please apply now as this is an urgent hire! Why join us? Rapidly growing Cloud Software company financially backed by a longstanding, highly reputable, and well-known $30B parent company Excellent, highly collaborative, fast-paced, challenging environment Like to promote from within Highly innovative High visibility Strong management and executive team focused on mentorship and development At-home equipment provided and a remote stipend offered for those fully remote Open to full time remote; very laidback, flexible environment Job Details In this role, you will be architecting, designing and building highly scalable distributed data systems to enable new and innovative solutions in cloud based video surveillance and IoT control systems. Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to Work with product managers and technology teams to understand roadmap priorities and shape product features to address the needs of customers. Articulate design and architecture trade offs and apply software design patterns to efficiently solve complex engineering problems. Drive design and implementation based on sound engineering design principles and best practices with focus on testability, maintainability and scalability. Provide overall project design and estimates that meet both business and technology strategy needs during project scoping phases. Manage velocity of delivery without compromising quality of product releases. Mentor senior engineers and technical leads to make sound technical decisions, and help build effective software engineering practices, especially in the adoption of formal testing as part of the software development process. Help identify areas of improvements in the code base, and drive it to make it better Embrace the “you build it, you run it” engineering principles. Champion good software engineering habits such as clean code principles, security, tech debt balance, TDD and agile habits. Own, diagnose and resolve complex system technical issues and code defects. Collaborate with engineering leadership to establish the technical roadmap to facilitate innovation and enhancement of product capabilities. Provides leadership with a point of view on "what’s next" as it relates to technology coding tools, applications and concepts. Collaborate with other principal engineers to establish an engineering community of excellence (COE) to evangelize architecture, code or security reviews, innovative engineering and knowledge sharing. Drive a culture of technical excellence, continuous improvement and lifelong learning. Identify and work with SRE to implement opportunities for automation to enhance efficiency in the software delivery cycle and the reliability of company products. Qualifications 7-15+ years of experience in software engineering Experience in a fast-paced, agile environment Experience in cloud microservices environment 3+ years of React experience and one other programming language such as Golang, Python, and Scala React 17 experience required Knowledge of React 18 a plus Experience with RESTful APIs and alternatives like GraphQL Advanced experience with testing methodology and fully comfortable with TDD/BDD development practices Knowledge of composable and scalable architectures Knowledge of responsive design principles and mobile-first development A solid understanding of core web and browser concepts Knowledge of public cloud infrastructure such as GCP, AWS or Azure Strong understanding of modern CICD methodology and Git based workflow Bonus Qualifications MS degree (Computer Science) or equivalent Next.JS Knowledge of CSS frameworks like Tailwind CSS Functional Programming/Reactive programming Hands on experience developing applications deployed on public cloud infrastructure such as GCP, AWS or Azure Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! }
